0.5 How is the health of swedes?
1   How is the wealth swedes?
0   Who is the current king?
1   What is the capital city?
0.5 What is the population in Sweden?
1   Where is sweden located?
0   What is the largest city?
0   When did sweden fight in a war?
0   What is the currency in sweden?
0   What is the per capita in Sweden?
0   What is people in Sweden known for?
1   What is a big company in Sweden?
0   Who is famous in sports?
0   Who is the best football player?
1   How is the climate?
0   Where does the name sweden come from?
0   When did the vikings rule?
1   When did sweden join the European Union?
0   Who is the prime minister?
0   How is the justice?
1   How big is the unemployment?
0.5 How is the public transport?
0   How much do swedes pay in taxes?
0   What does sweden export?
1   When is the national day of sweden?
1   Who is Zlatan?
1	  What is the highest temperature recorded in Sweden?
1	  What is the lowest temperature recorded in Sweden?
1	  What are the main morning tabloids in Sweden?
1	  What is the number of people with foreign background in Sweden?
1	  What are the taxes in Sweden?
0.5	What is the GDP in Sweden?
1	  What is the number of foreign background born people in Sweden?
1	  What is the capital in Sweden?
0	  Where is Sweden located?
1	  Where lies Sweden?	
1	  Where is Swedish bishops' seated?
0	  Where is Stockholm located?	
0	  Who is the monarch in Sweden?
1	  Who were Greta Garbo?
1	  Who were the last war in Sweden against?
0	  Which were the Swedish vikings?
0	  Who are Swedens' most famous authors?
0	  Who are ABBA?
1	  When were the last war in Sweden?
1	  When is Sweden's National Day?
1	  When is the Saint Lucia Day in Sweden?
1	  When is Walpurgis Night?
1   Where was sweden first described in writing?
1   How long was the viking age?
1   When was sweden hit by the black death?
0.5 What was the Hansa?
0   Who attempted to invade Russia?
0   Where did people look for a better life?
1   When did the social democrats win the election?
1   How much of sweden lies north of the arctic circle?
0   How much does it rain in sweden each year?
0   How many municipalities are there in sweden?
1   What age is sweden?
1   What is the swedish armed forces?
1   When did sweden stop conscription?
0   What is the biggest airport in sweden?
1   What language is spoken in sweden?
0 who introduced christianity in sweden?
1 what was the deluge?
1 what happened after the battle of Narva?
1 when was the coldest month?
1 What is the most dominant tree?
1 what is the boreo-nemoral region?
1 what are the four fundamental laws?
0.5 who is the head of state?
1 Who has played a leading role in Swedish politics?
0.5 what is the largest companies in sweden?
0.5 What is Swedens official name?
0 What countries does Sweden border?
1 How many people of foreign decent lives in Sweden?
0 Where does the word Sweden come from?
1 What can you tell me about the vikings?
1 What happened in Nystad?
1 What did Sweden do during World War II?
0 How large is Sweden compared to other countries?
1 What water masses surrounds Sweden?
1 How many parties are there in the Swedish parliment?
1 What is the most dominant political party in Sweden?
1 How is the election turnout in Sweden?
1 When was the first literary text written in Sweden?
1 When was the Bible translated to Swedish?
0.5 What are some traditional dishes of Sweden?
0.5 What are some famous swedish films?
1 What sports are Sweden good at?
1 What are some famous swedish books?
1 What are some famous swedish writers?
1 What are some famous swedish actors?
1 What can you tell me about Swedish cuisines?
1 How is the Internet access in Sweden?
1 What side do traffic drive on in Sweden?
0 What is the name of the ice hockey team?
0 When do you eat crayfish in Sweden?
1 How many read newspapers in Sweden?
0 When was state and church separated?
1 What are some important public holidays in Sweden?
